=head1 Title

Shoebox Utilities

=head1 Introduction

=head1 Programs

=head1 Encoding Conversion

Various of the utilities allow the conversion of data too or from Unicode. The 
basic principle of data conversion is that the byte encoding is given a name and 
this is used to look up a mechanism for converting too or from Unicode.

There are a number of different ways of converting data: system codepages, 
internal Perl encodings, TECkit, etc. What would be nice is if there were one 
place to look that would tell how to convert from a given encoding to Unicode.

For this system, we use a thing called the I<Encoding Registry> which is an XML 
file containing information about encodings and how they are converted; fonts 
and how they relate to encodings and how the various mappings are implemented. 
For the most part, you as a user don't need to know anything about the specifics 
of the XML format, but you will need to interact with the encoding registry 
using tools.

One important tool is C<encrem> the encoding registry manager. It is a command 
line tool that allows you to enter multiple commands into one session (or to 
even pipe those commands from a text file to do automatic installation, etc.).

C<encrem> looks in the registry for the encoding registry and if it can't find 
it will use one you specify on the command line:

    encrem -r possibly_new.xml
    
It then tells you which file it is actually using (whether it found it in the 
system registry or is using the one you specify). If you are sure you have an 
existing encoding registry, you don't need to use the C<-r> option to C<encrem>. 
The next step is to possibly add an empty template to the registry ready for 
adding new encodings and mappings and then to register that file with the system 
registry:

    encrem -r possibly_new.xml
    encrem: create
    encrem: register
    encrem: exit
    
Notice the different command lines. You can get help at any time by typing a 
command name followed by C<help> or simply C<help> to get a short list of 
commands.

Now that we are sure we have an encoding registry file, we can start adding 
information to it:

    encrem
    encrem: add-encoding 

